hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be trying on everything in my university
wardrobe so this is actually a video
that lots of people have asked about and
this isn't a video where I'm at you can
be getting rid of things as I go along
because I actually do like everything in
my wardrobe I hope that you find this
interesting nonetheless I've got three a
three door wardrobe all of my jackets
jumpers and smart tops and dresses are
hung up here then I've got underwear and
sports foreign pajamas more tops here
and bottoms there and shoot at the
bottom so I'm going to start with
dresses
first thing is this pitiful dress from
Miss patina this here is the second
pinafore dress this is again from this
patina this sweater dress which I like
to call my Wednesday Adam dress because
the color really reminds me of Wednesday
Addams so my first top is this black one
from Bowdoin this one is actually meant
to be like a tight one and it's a size
14 but I actually really like the way
that fits me this top is from
Abercrombie and I actually have the same
one in three different colors pink and
there's gray and white stripe this one's
my favorite
this top is just a slightly cropped top
from new look this is my sister's
actually from brandy melville so then
I've got this cropped bell-bottoms
sleeve top I really love the printer
list then they got this striped sparkly
top from Topshop then there's this ankle
one which I have had for years and years
and years this is probably my favorite
item of clothing at the moment this is
from Miss patina and it's half jumper
half top this shirt from is patina which
says stay curious on it and then there's
a lovely little magnifying glass and I
just love the color on this then we've
got this beautiful old-fashioned top
from Miss patina
again I have this really simple um it's
kind of a hanging material I don't know
what kind of material this is but it
hangs if you know what I mean I just
absolutely adore this shirt especially
the gorgeous lace detailing on the
sleeves again this is from Miss patina
so this shirt is from his patina and I
actually decided to get a size up with
this one so this is a medium because I
think it just looks nicer slightly
oversized again one of my favorite items
this jumper top is very predictably from
Miss patina again and I just loved the
sailor knots tie on this top
so this Breton is from somewhere called
Isle essentials and I think of it as my
camping shirt it's something I wear on
lady Sundays this next top is another of
my very favorite items I really love the
kind of jumper tops then well I love
this is just a polo shirt in thin net
and I got this from H&M for under 10
pounds I don't actually shop at H&M
anymore but when I saw did I wear all
the time so then this last top it's like
the basic black long-sleeve tee from H&M
kids aged 14 plus and I own two of these
I would say that I wear these tops three
or four times a week it's definitely the
thing I wear most often okay now we've
got t-shirts so this first one is from
the hundred club I of course have got
minority which is Holly Gabrielle's
company then of course I've got my
motivated tee which is from unjaded jade
study where I also have a tato tea this
one is by Mike Rozier Chloe she launches
ethical clothing company I only 16 which
is amazing and I also have this hoodie
which I actually haven't worn once since
being back at university I wear it at
home if I go outside to exercise but I
don't wear it when I go to the gym but I
still really like it it's just a really
simple
oatmeal colored hoodie so I don't wash
sweatshirts that much but I do have
quite a few with me so this is the first
one which is my Harry Potter 231 this is
what we were if we do events so that
people can identify who's on committee
but I always forget to wear mine I
really just I mean to you and then I
don't I haven't actually worn this as
many times as I definitely should have
done and would have wanted to next I've
got this fleece sweatshirt which is
again from that 100 club as you can see
it's the same print as on the t-shirt I
really really love this sweater I love
that it's white the cool thing about the
world hundred club is that they only
make 100 of each particular items so as
not to feed into fast fashion which is
pretty amazing as an English teacher to
student this jumper is an essential I
got this from journey and it's just a
really simple sweatshirt which says
great expectations in this gorgeous
toweling material next I've got um
Jade's again more study wear so this is
her mind over matter Asst sweatshirt I
just love how cozy this is its
so woman it sized then I've got my
Millennial coffee club hoodie which I
bought from Eve as I said they don't
really wear sweatshirts or hoodies but I
like to put them on before bed next I've
got this velvet
knitted cropped jumper with his flight
turtleneck and I got this a gun from H&M
last year I really do like this I don't
know I just really like wearing velvet
next I've got this very very simple
knitted jumper and mustard yellow orange
which is just really nice and all
Thomann all here's the next jumper again
very simple slightly oversized
and just really warm cozy this next item
is this really lovely Johnny be cricket
jumper even though it's technically kid
sizes the age 13 to 14 I think is the
equivalent of a six to an eight and then
the fifteen to sixteen is like an 8 to a
10 I've got this I'll go jump which just
has a shirt collar attached to it this
really simple oatmeal maul thin jumper
again this is another of my favourite
pieces this is just a really nice thin
jumper from mango this is the first of
my jacket this tweed bike jacket and
I've also got my can be kind pin on if
you're interested in purchasing one of
these pins I do sell them on my website
and 100% of profits go to charity you
say ditch the label which is an
anti-discrimination children's charity
they are just doing such an amazing work
next I've got this fleece jacket I got
so many questions about this this was
actually originally from Primark but I
bought it on depop this is my last
jacket this is again from Miss patina
and it's just got this lovely gorgeous
tapestry print on it and this jacket
here is a bomber jacket love this so
much and you'll see later that I've got
a pair of matching shorts for it so it's
like a suit
so next is this beautiful skirt from
this patina so beautiful so I actually
love this so much that I ended up
getting the same one in grey so as I
said I have the matching tapestry shorts
next I've got this very simple black
skater skirt if you watch my videos
regularly you will know that these oh my
favorite favorite buttons I'm sorry I
can't get the
right for this these are the unicycle
culottes their cap cycle culottes from
miss patty naps kyle imprint with cats
on various bicycles and unicycles and
penny farthing next is this Hollister
skirt and this is very very simple but
very summery so I haven't actually worn
it recently so I used to wear this skirt
in pretty much every single one of my
videos recently not so much next I've
got these shorts these are cool ox
shorts I love these these are from
Benetton I think I got another five
pounds on sale next you look these
trousers from Jules these are just a
really nice Navy kind of like almost
canvasing material they're pretty baggy
um but I actually really like that these
were meant to be skinny jeans but I
ended up getting a size up so that they
wouldn't be skinny jeans next I got
these white jeans I wear these quite a
lot mainly in spring or summer these are
the next rousers these are really nice
burgundy cord and a funny story actually
I bought these from New York last year
and when I came out of the changing room
I complimented this girl on a jumper
that she she was trying on and the lady
who was working there was like oh that
was really kind of you and she gave me a
gift voucher so that I got I think I was
like 20% off these trousers which was
really really lovely of her and it's a
prime example that kindness is paid for
words the last thing I thought here is
this pair of floaty I don't even know
what these are cool that like pleated
trousers are very nice and they make you
feel very cool when you're wearing them
the last thing I've got here is this
what would you call it like it's like
dungarees but no it's like a jumpsuit
dungaree
jumpsuit this is home made by someone in
a market in London and I just love it it
uses recycled vintage materials it's
kind of true vintage material but she's
just made it into this really nice
pinafore and it's nice that oversize
should be easily way too long so thank
you so much for watching this video I
hope that you enjoyed watching and
remember that I've got some lookbooks
coming soon as well if you're interested
there are four themed lip books which
I'm filming over the next week which is
really exciting I really love putting
together vintage inspired
outfits I hope that you have a
productive week
[Music]